plugin(analytics-module-matomo): added optional config parameter to disable encryption of userId (#4301)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/analytics/.changeset/brave-carpets-wash.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-analytics-module-matomo': minor
---

> Added optional config parameter to disable encryption of userID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `sendPlainUserId` config, which controls whether hashing of userId should be disabled.
```
